I am never at home on Sundays.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
I’m a living furnace.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
So long and thanks for the fish.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
She advised him to come back at once.